Expand the CHANNELS file (#23)
CyberDiscovery/meta: CHANNELS.md

#meta | :speech_balloon: | For voting on suggestions in this repository | @everyone can read (and react), @Root can write

## Keyboard Warriors
Channel | Type | Purpose | Role Permissions
--- | --- | --- | ---
#general | :speech_balloon: | General discussion | @everyone can read/write
#overflow | :speech_balloon: | Discussion that doesn't belong in general, including controversial topics or trolling | @everyone can read/write
#media | :speech_balloon: | TV, movies, music, etc. | @everyone can read/write
#gaming | :speech_balloon: | Video games in all their forms | @everyone can read/write
#memes | :speech_balloon: | Posting SFW memes | @everyone can read/write

## CyberStart
Channel | Type | Purpose | Role Permissions
--- | --- | --- | ---
#cyberstart | :speech_balloon: | General discussion of CyberStart programmes | @everyone can read/write

## 100 Percent
Channel | Type | Purpose | Role Permissions
--- | --- | --- | ---
#100-percent | :speech_balloon: | Can be used to safely discuss challenge spoilers among people who have completed 100% of CyberStart Game | @everyone denied, @100 Percent can read/write

> 100 percent | :microphone: | Corresponding voice channel for #100-percent | @everyone denied, @100 Percent can read/write

Reviewer: Small tweak to language for consistency
```suggestion
100 percent | :microphone: | Corresponding voice channel for #100-percent | @everyone denied, @100 Percent can join and talk
```

## STEM Dojo
Channel | Type | Purpose | Role Permissions
--- | --- | --- | ---
#challenges | :speech_balloon: | Community made challenges | @everyone can read/write
#maths | :speech_balloon: | Discussion of maths or sharing (or asking for help) of problems | @everyone can read/write
#science | :speech_balloon: | Discussion of all science topics that don't fit into other channels | @everyone can read/write
#programming | :speech_balloon: | Discussion and help with programming | @everyone can read/write
#linguistics | :speech_balloon: | Discussion of linguistics - leftover from April Fool's that was popular enough to leave, at least for the time being | @everyone can read/write

## CyberStart Elite
Channel | Type | Purpose | Role Permissions
--- | --- | --- | ---
#elite-2018 | :speech_balloon: | Discussion of CyberStart Elite 2018, particularly to keep spoiler-y discussions separate | @everyone denied, @Veteran 2018 can read/write
#cloud-ctf | :speech_balloon: | Discussion of the CyberStart Cloud CTF Beta | @everyone denied, @Cloud CTF can read/write
Cloud CTF | :microphone: | Corresponding voice channel for #cloud-ctf | @everyone denied, @Cloud CTF can talk

> CyberStart Elite | :microphone: | Corresponding voice channel for #elite-2018 | @everyone denied, @Veteran 2018 can read/write

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CyberStart Elite | :microphone: | Corresponding voice channel for #elite-2018 | @everyone denied, @Veteran 2018 can join and talk
```
